Add Mikochi to File Transfer (#3890)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

- [Filestash](https://www.filestash.app/) - A web file manager that lets you manage your data anywhere it is located: FTP, SFTP, WebDAV, Git, S3, Minio, Dropbox, or Google Drive . ([Demo](https://demo.filestash.app/), [Source Code](https://github.com/mickael-kerjean/filestash)) `AGPL-3.0` `Go`
- [Gossa](https://github.com/pldubouilh/gossa) - Gossa is a light and simple webserver for your files. `MIT` `Go`
- [IFM](https://github.com/misterunknown/ifm) - Single script file manager. `MIT` `PHP`

> - [Mikochi](https://github.com/zer0tonin/Mikochi) - A minimalist web file manager with streaming capabilities. `MIT` `Go`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Mikochi](https://github.com/zer0tonin/Mikochi) - A remote file browser, for use in self-hosted servers / NAS. It allows you to browse remote folders, upload files, delete, rename, download and stream files to VLC/mpv. `MIT` `Go/Docker`
```
